New Japanese Tounge-Twister Discovered!
Published on April 04, 2006.
Yep, I found one in my Japanese listening homework today.
The lady says:
自分にしか責任を負ってこなかったの (eh? Jibun ni shika kattekonakatta no?)
Which I think means: “Eh? You only bought it for yourself?” (the subject was gifts)
Not only is this hard to say, but the Japanese person saying it just blazes through it!
And I had to figure it out from listening, not from reading it!
Listen for yourself:
jibunnishikakattekonakattano.mp3
I guess it’s harder to understand if you’re doing listening homework, and you don’t know the Japanese that she’s saying.
I’m going to go ahead and say it’s my new favorite Japanese tounge twister!
Next to basugasubakuhatsu, of course…